and so he goes to John 3:16 and he goes
ok and I still remember who's big oh hey
I mean I got big hands but this guy's
hands were huge and that he had my Bible
in his lap and he goes ok his hands are
like this and he goes ok for God so
loved the world that He gave
oh no oh no have eternal life all my
sins are gone I'm free I said how do you
know that he said haven't you ever read
this first before do you see what
happened and you steal this from people
with your stupid little evangelism you
steal this from people you see oh you're
so angry you will use words so hard
why shouldn't I to see the gospel
prostituted like this just counsel them
for five minutes someone who doesn't
even know anything about counseling and
then slap some badge on them and present
them in front of the church that they're
saved how dare you do that to a soul I
fear men who have spent most of their
life telling other men that they are
saved I fear you if you've done that you
don't tell men they are saved you tell
me in how to be saved God tells them
they are saying
don't you understand people aren't
numbers they have different color eyes
and they have different color hair and
they're different in their heart they
have different problems and they cry for
different reasons and they're people
they're not groups of people they're
people and they need Christ and you run
them through these goofy little tracks
and get them to sign the back of them
and declare them to be saved and by the
grace of God
some of them do get saved but it's not
because of you it's in spite of you
what about dealing with a soul what word
can you put on a soul what modern-day
evangelism doesn't understand you can
only take a man so far don't you see
that and you can't substitute the work
of the Spirit of God with some little
method of taking a verse out of context
getting them to pray a prayer and then
purposely declaring them to be safe so
you can walk away with another notch on
your belt man in my own town in Illinois
who was a known drug addict drug dealer
fornicator absolutely everything and he
is there he passes away and the pastor
one the largest Baptist churches in the
area standing their funeral but that
place is loaded with every person that's
hardly ever been in church drug addicts
and everything you can imagine are all
there in church to honor their dead
friend and that pastor gets up and he
says I praise God I know this young man
he sold a lot of Wild Oats but when he
was 9 years old
I was there when he tried to receive
Jesus Christ as his Savior and he's in
heaven today and all those lost sinners
went straight out into the street
justified in their sin because of
conservative evangelical Baptist
preaching that's typical in almost every
Church in this country it's true it's
true and it's pathetic it's pathetic if
I hear of one more youth group going to
some foreign country where we work and
all those youth who don't know anything
about the gospel running around their
puppet shows and everything else and
then coming back the state saying a
thousand people got saved I Got News for
you they didn't because none of them
showed up the church next Sunday
it's all just a farce dealing with souls
people come forward in meetings they're
counseled by someone who shouldn't be
counseling five minutes they're given
that could give the car to the pastor
and the pastor says I would like to
present to you so are the new a new
child of God welcomed him into the
family of God how dare you if you are
going to present him say this this man
tonight has made a profession of faith
in Jesus Christ and because of our fear
of God and our love for the souls of men
we will now be working with him to make
sure that Christ has truly been formed
in him that he truly has a biblical
understanding of repentance and faith
and great assurance and joy and the holy
spirit that's what we're going to do
look what we've done I plead with you
look what we're doing and this is not
some cult this is us stop it
we are to be physicians we are to be men
who sit there and go I deal with souls
the eternal destiny of men women and
children in my hands how many of us on
the day of judgment maybe like Pilate
the tradition about him was that he
spent the rest of his life going my
hands my hands this blood of my hands I
can't get the blood off my hands because
the way we deal with people